feat(apple): Troubleshooting "Failed to write data to path" (#6625)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/troubleshooting.mdx

```Swift
"Sentry": ["USE_HEADERMAP": "YES"]
```

## SentryFileManager: Failed to write data to path

> Sentry needs to write files in a specific path in the app cache directory. This path is created during the SDK initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry writes and reads files at a specific path in the app cache directory. This path is created during the SDK initialization.
```

> If you see a log that looks like this: `[SentryFileManager:439] Failed to write data to path` it means that the cache path don`t exist anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a log message that looks like this: `[SentryFileManager:439] Failed to write data to path` it means that the cache path doesn't exist anymore.
```

> Check your app for any procedure that cleans the cache of your app during runtime, and avoid deleting Sentry directory.

Reviewer: `h`: How to avoid this? Would need to know what the path is called and exclude that?

Author: ```suggestion
Check your app for any procedure that cleans the cache of your app during runtime, and avoid deleting `io.sentry` directory.
```

> Check your app for any procedure that cleans the cache of your app during runtime, and avoid deleting `io.sentry` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your app for any procedure that cleans the cache of your app during runtime, and avoid deleting the `io.sentry` directory.
```
